---
title: Rainbow Dash
icon: /files/character/rainbow-dash-cutiemark.png
---

# General Information

Before even starting pony hypnosis, please read over everything in this thread here. After doing that, really think over it all and be 100% sure you know what you're getting into. Hypnosis is not a toy nor a game. We want ponies to enjoy these files, but we also want them to be aware. All these warnings and disclaimers may be scary, but they're here for a few reasons. They're here to make you aware of what you're getting into. Also to make sure you go about pony hypnosis in the safest way possible. I want to give a quick thank you to Star Shard for coming up with the idea for this new style. I also want to give a quick thank you to Bright Star for coming up with the format of the download section of this thread.

# Emotional Kernel Panic Warning

EKP, which is short for Emotional Kernel Panic, is something very serious and not to be taken lightly. It's when the effects of one hypnosis file attempt to overwrite another hypnosis file, causing an identity crisis or crisis of desire. It can be anywhere from annoying, to painfully mind wrenching. It's avoided by not switching between files. You are however free to use two different files of the same pony. So for example you could use version 2.0 and version 3.0 of this file without any trouble. So in short, do NOT use two different pony hypnosis files unless they are the same pony, but different versions. If you really must switch files for whatever reason, you can, but only if you use the "Pony TF RESET" file. It can be found under the support files here. Just be sure to use it multiple times before starting up a new file. Also be aware that there have been reports of ponies getting EKP even after resetting. So it's better to really think through your choice of which pony you want to use and stick with them.

# Pony Infomation

Rainbow Dash is a female Pegasus pony and one of the main characters in My Little Pony Friendship is Magic. She has a rainbow-colored mane and tail. Her coat color is that of light blue. She is responsible for maintaining the weather and clearing the skies in Ponyville. As a huge fan of The Wonderbolts, she dreams of one day joining their elite flying group. In Sonic Rainboom, Rarity and Princess Celestia both declare that she is the best flier in all of Equestria. Rainbow Dash has a pet tortoise named Tank, whom she chooses out of Fluttershy's offered animals in the episode May the Best Pet Win! She represents the element of loyalty.
